# Orchestration Architect Version 0.9 Pre-Production

## Executive Summary

* Make a simple app to read a toml file to mount worktrees to a workspace. 
* Put references and working drafts printouts in separate folders


## Prerequistes to Begin

	1. Must be able to setup worktrees from bare repo
	2. Must ensure that mirrored repos don't destroy each other

## Previous Scope
### Goal: Documentation Subsystem

**Objective**
- Self-describing Documentation to be able to build resources to provide context.
- All previous versions need to ensure each part is migrated

**Requirements Trace**
- Difficult to collaborate or discuss ideas with AI
- Project must be self-bootstrap and self-assemble.
- Must build all systems and components offline

**Actions/Outcomes**

- Tried to explore using Julia and then mdrust
to generate structures to write. (Too much resources to collate)
- Tried MindMaps to organise Ideas. Mindmaps get to big. Moved mindmaps into separate minder maps. (Using Minder)
- Explored using Design Docs (Found useful to group information)
- Started just writing documents outside the repository in $HOME/Documents/Orchestration Architect and used syncthing with that and mindmap between the OA001 Master system and Personal Computer.
- Generated physical print outs of documents (2-pages-per-page printouts of reference material like manual pages or online textbook chapters, tikz documentation)
- Printed out things being worked on
- Learning rust, built a web server, git worktree management tool. Found it much easier to reason with and generate composable commandline tools.
- Blocked due to complexity. Documentation, Notes. Ideas to hard to track. System boundary too big. The specification files were to large.

**Decisions**

- Issue with completing a version, before different big systems are implemented. So having a collections approach is the goal of the version 0.9 (The version which will be completed). Expected version 0.10 will be the version of tests.
- Focus on splitting system into collections composable collections.
- Requies using the collections defined in the specification files and moving all components into distinct paths, that can be composed. 
- Move components generated by 'the meta component' subsystem (roles, playbooks, templates,specifications) and the specifications to their own collections. 

**Notes**

Software Engineering Body of Knowledge expects:

1. Requirements <- Support the goal of rapid development of correct and multi-scale composable systems. Explore academic literature.
2. Design (Knowledge Management and Design Docs, Theory)
3. Construction (Implement designs)
4. Testing (Verification, Validity, Outcomes)
5. Maintenance (Restore, Recover, Rebuild)
6. Configuration management (Meta Specs, Orchestration)
7. Engineering Process (Git System, Orchestration, Architect, Reference Management)
8. Tools and Methods (Neovim-Integration and Tools Repository)
